[OSDOCS#17058]: DC-2: Image Mirroring and oc mirror Tooling-CQA-1 (#115599)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-mirror-command-reference.adoc

[id="oc-mirror-command-reference_{context}"]
= Command reference for oc-mirror

[role="_abstract"]

> The following tables describe the `oc mirror` subcommands and flags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following tables to understand the `oc mirror` CLI tool subcommands and flags.
```
i think this is the proper way to refer to this tool, but @snarayan-redhat can confirm

Reviewer 2: this refers to `oc mirror` command and not the tool. So the current way works but the short description is self-referential with no clear purpose of the topic. Please revise.
